MSDS 597 Assignment
Week 3: 
Read Kaplan Chapter 16 and Boehmke pp 34--61
Read http://r4ds.had.co.nz/ Section 14.3.5 and 14.4 
Do the problems at the end of Kaplan Chapter 16.
Read the posting at http://varianceexplained.org/r/trump-tweets/ and see if you can understand the individual steps.
The first part involves some details about getting data from Twitter, so don't worry about the details, but you can download his dataset if you would like to try his analyses yourself. 
(On my quick re-read I don't think the piece is particularly partisan---my apologies if it is).


Homework to hand in (due 7 am on Monday):
Please submit a Rmarkdown file that runs on its own. 
Be sure to include explanatory text of what you are doing---don't just show a lot of 
R code and results. Use commands from the tidyverse, including pipes, when you can.

Please use the following file name convention: 
    Buyske_week_02.Rmd 
(changing the last name and the week as appropriate, of course).
Finally, please be sure that your Rmarkdown file has yourself as author and has 
    output: html_docum	ent
    
1) The steps in Week 3's first homework problem were inefficient. Please redo the problem in an efficient way:
that is, starting with the babynames and Lahman packages, create the 10 figures. Use joins only when needed,  keep your dataframes as small (imagine you are working with hundreds of gigabytes of data), and don't include unneccesary steps.

2) The join in Week 3's third homework likely missed some entries because of differences in how the phone numbers were formatted. Reformat the phone numbers in the two data sets to a common format (your choice) and then repeat your analysis from last week.

3) Read the post at http://www.sumsar.net/blog/2016/09/whats-on-the-menu/ and follow the steps yourself. 
(Please include the R code in the RMarkdown file up through the creation of the data frame "d"---a terrible name, by the way.)
The author of the blog post found some interesting, or at least amusing, things in the data. 
See if you can find some interesting things yourself. (A family member suggested looking at the rise of various ethnic foods by plotting quintessential dishes such as pad thai or even pizza.)