MSDS 597 Assignment
Week 3: 
Read Kaplan Chapters 10 and 12
Do the Problems at the end of Kaplan Chapters 10 and 12. 


Homework to hand in (due 7 am on Monday):
Please submit a Rmarkdown file that runs on its own. 
Be sure to include explanatory text of what you are doing---don't just show a lot of 
R code and results. Use commands from the tidyverse, including pipes, when you can.

Please use the following file name convention: 
    Buyske_week_02.Rmd 
(changing the last name and the week as appropriate, of course).
Finally, please be sure that your Rmarkdown file has yourself as author and has 
    output: html_document
    
    
1) We would like to visually compare first names of baseball players with those of 
   male babies in the population at large. This will require several steps.
a) Create a data frame of players who played at least 200 games in their career 
   according to the Fielding data frame. You'll have to group by player id, sum 
   over the variable G, filter, and then do some sort of join with the Master data frame.
b) Create a data frame similar to the babynames, but based on your data frame in (a). 
   Use the variables nameFirst and birthYear.
c) Combine the babynames data frame, restricted to male babies, and the one that you 
   created in (b). NOTE: I mistakenly placed the last sentence in (d) here earlier.
d) Determine the 5 most popular names for male babies from the babynames dataset and 
   the 5 most popular names for baseball players, based on your dataset in (b).
   Do this by pooling all the names from 1890 to 1990---that is, find 10 names total, not 10 
   names per year. The total might actually be less than 10 if there is overlap in the names.
e) If you plot a name in the general population (i.e., from babynames) against baseball 
   player names, the difference in scale will make it hard to interpret. For both 
   general population and baseball names, create a new variables for each: the proportion 
   of all names from that year equal to that name (e.g., if 2% of all babies in 1961 
   were names "Steven", this new variable would equal 0.02 for Steven for 1961).
f) For each of the names you determined in (d), plot the relative popularity, using 
   the variable you created in (e). Each figure should have different colors for 
   general population names and for baseball player names. The horizontal axis should 
   be year of birth, from 1890 to 1990.



2) Starting with the restaurant health inspection dataset, create a new one that has 
   a single observation for each inspection date. The observation should include all 
   of the descriptive information about the restaurant, but from the many inspection- 
   and violation-specific variables, please include only the mean score for that day. 
   Now create a new data frame that for each restaurant (uniquely identifies by the 
   CAMIS variable) has only the date and score of the most recent inspection. 
   Please plot boxplots of scores for each boro (use "aes(BORO, SCORE)" and "geom_boxplot()").

3) The data at 
        https://nycopendata.socrata.com/Business/Legally-Operating-Businesses/w7w3-xahh 
   (you'll have to figure out how to export it) does not include restaurants. Using 
   the "Contact Phone Number", see if there are any businesses that share a phone number 
   with restaurants in the dataset you created in (2). Because of formatting and other           
   issues, you may not find every possible match; do not worry about that for now. For 
   the matches that you find, use the functions sort and table to find the top ten 
   business license categories where the business shares a phone number or address with a restaurant.